Quite a bit of time passed since Helvi used magic to make herself and Theo invisible.

When they showed themselves again, people’s attention was once again focused on Helvi. Some thought she looked even more sensual than before, but figured it was just their imagination.

Helvi ignored them, and jumped out from under the parasol with Theo.

“Helvi! This spot here is great! Just standing on the water’s edge kind of tickles!”

Theo was very agitated, as he stood on the place where the waves dragged sand into the ocean.

It was his first time experiencing this, and he was as excited as a child.

Helvi stood by his side and felt the same sensation.

“Fufu, this is interesting. I have never felt this before either.”

“Yes! What happens if I sit down…”

Theo sat down on the water’s edge, and Helvi did the same.

This time they felt the sensation of the sand being dragged away on their entire bodies, and Theo smiled even brighter.

“Hahaha! This is great! It’s so much fun!”

“Yes, but it does tickle a little.”

“Eh? Ah… Yes.”

Hearing Helvi mention being ticklish reminded Theo of the earlier incident with the oil.

Although he still seemed to be enjoying himself, he was a little embarrassed.

“Are you alright Theo? Your face is red.”

“I-I’m fine! It’s nothing!”

Helvi simply pointed out that Theo seemed strange, without actually realizing he was thinking back to what happened earlier.

Theo quickly told her he was alright, before standing up and moving forward as a way to disguise his embarrassment.

He was hesitant at first, since the water was cold, but once he got used to it, he kept going until the water reached his waist.

The ocean was beautiful, and so clear, one could easily see all the way down.

When Theo noticed this, he looked down with a shine in his eyes.”

“Uwah…! Incredible…! Ah, there’s fish!”

“Where?”

“Helvi! Over there!”

Helvi looked where Theo pointed as she walked towards him.

When Helvi got close, Theo’s arm touched her chest.

Theo was completely focused on the ocean, but was still so startled, his nerves all focused on his arm.

The contact was even more direct since they were both in their swimwear.

“Yes, I can see it. It has a beautiful pattern.”

“Y-yes… Helvi, hum, I hit…”

“Hn? Ah…”

Helvi only realized it after Theo pointed it out.

She knew it was not on purpose, and simply a result of her getting close to him, but thought about how innocent Theo was to still be embarrassed by this.

“Theo, are you still not used to it? We just… Did something that goes beyond touching a cloth covered breast.”

Helvi whispered into Theo’s ear, making his face even more red.

“T-that’s different… I’m still not completely used to it…”

“Fufu, I see. But I do find that cute.”

This only made Theo more embarrassed, and he tried to change the subject.

“Hum, can you swim? I can’t really picture you swimming.”

Although he could not picture her swimming, Theo also thought it was unlikely that she could not do it.

He figured there was little or nothing she could not physically do.

“I do not know. I have never done it before.”

“Eh? Really?”

Theo knew Helvi was a devil who had been alive for over ten thousand years, so he thought it was strange that she had not tried swimming even once during that time.

“I have walked on water and parted the ocean many times but…”

“I don’t think… That’s normal…”

Said Theo as both looked at the ocean beneath them.